When your assignment is complete, please answer the questions in this text file and upload it to I-Learn.

1. Please provide the URL of your public GitHub repository.
https://github.com/B-Rydalch/machine-learning

2. Briefly describe your overall approach to the task and highlight the most difficult part of this assignment.
	I have not figured out why I can only achieve 34%. Out of Fear of not figuring it out and messing up 
	the program even more. I am turning in what I have until I can figure out why I cannot get anything 
	higher than a 37%. I believe it has to do with my distance formula, but again I'm not sure and am hoping 
	to figure it out before the deadline. 


3. Briefly describe your process for handling numeric data on different scales (i.e., normalizing).
	It was not required for this weeks assignment. 


4. Describe your results for the Iris data set. (For example, what level of accuracy did you see for different values of K?
	The results with the Iris dataset seemed to stay around the the 37% area and as I increased the value of k, the program
	did what it was suppose to do. Which was have the accuracy percentage decrease because the length of the distance increases. 


5. How did your implementation compare to existing implementations?
	My implementation was significantly worst compared to the sklearn classifier that was provided. As the k value was low with 
	the sklearn algorithm, I received mid to high 90% accuracy. Where as with my classifier, I am not able to get higher than 40%. 

6. Describe anything you did to go above and beyond the minimum standard requirements.
	I did not add anything extra until I figure out why I cannot get a higher accuracy percentage. 


7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment: D
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements


8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
	I gave it my best to meet all requirements for this assignment. I am wanting to sit down with 
	Brother Burton and work with him to discover why I cannot get a higher percentage. Assuming I will 
	not have fixed the problem before the deadline. I would like to add matplotlib to the file to allow a
	graphical understanding of what is taking place inside the program. 
