When your assignment is complete, please answer the questions in this text file and upload it to I-Learn.

1. Please provide the URL of your public GitHub repository.
	https://github.com/B-Rydalch/machine-learning/tree/master/Prove-Assignments/prove03

2. What was the most difficult part of this assignment?
	The most difficult part was overcoming the errors with the last data set. Mysefl and two other
	students were not able to figure it out and asked to keep informed on it because everyone was 
	so confused on what was actually wrong. 

3. Briefly describe your process for handling non-numeric data.
	The process was taking the data and forming into an object based on the data header names. 
	By organizing the data into an object and replacing strings with numerical values. It allowed 
	the change to be swift and dynamically flexible. 


4. Briefly describe your process for missing data.
	When it came to missing data. There were a couple of different ways to handle it. For example if 
	the missing data consisted of a "?". it would then be replaced by a "NaN", 0, or -1 to show the data 
	was not in the system. Based on what is going on with the data would determine which one was better 
	because I wanted to be careful when it came to the possible risk of throwing off the accuracy. Other 
	ways that I found were possible was to drop it from the equation. An example would be the last column
	in the 3rd data set. It provided the names and models of the car. If they were missing, it's obvious they 
	would not interfere with the accuracy output. Therefore during the calculation the column was dropped. 

5. Describe your results for the Car Evaluation dataset.
	The results I received from the training data and test data were very consistent with one anohter. 
	It seemed to me the more I ran the algorithm the accuracy percentage would increase but only so slowly 
	as k was adjusted. As far as an accuracy would occur I would jump around the 17-20 percent area. 

6. Describe your results for the Pima Indian dataset.
	The pima showed less percentage than the car evaluation. With my knn classifier I was able to retrieve 
	15-17 percent accuracy. However, when I attempted to add the Knn classifier from sklearn. The program 
	would crash due to a bug. for some reason the knn classifier does not work with something I am doing 
	within my program to allow me to use the one from sklearn. 

7. Describe your results for the Automobile MPG dataset.
	The automobile results were the hardest one. I was never able to overcome the bug that I had spent 
	so much time on by the due date. The error I was fighting said, "valueError: invalid literal for float()."
	From there we believed it was because of the 'car name' column that consisted with all strings. But as 
	we attempted to drop the column or use other methods to keep it out. Everything we attempted proved to be 
	unsuccessfull. Any feed back so I can go back and fix it would be appreciated so I can understand what is 
	going on. 

8. Describe anything you did to go above and beyond the minimum standard requirements.
	I provided a user interface to be able to view the different data sets, I had hoped to be able to choose 
	between the sklearn knn algorithm and the one that I had developed. But because I couldn't over the error 
	and everytime I introduced the sklearn knn algorithm the whole program would crash. 


9. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:E
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements


10. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
	I would say shows creativity just because of the thoughts and designs I had for the user interface. 
	The bugs and errors I was facing took longer than I had hoped so I was not able to import graphic designs
	or apply matplotlib. 